Track and field takes New York,
the fastest women on the planet,
a crowd to witness history,
and a venture capitalist betting
that women's sports have
achieved escape velocity.
It's pretty incredible. So I get it.
Like I get how this could be a thing.
Can Alexis Ohanian, co-founder
of Reddit prove his biggest
wins are still ahead?
I look at Formula
One, the scale of that.
It is an amazing business
and it's humans going as fast
as possible from point A to point B.
In cars, in horses,
those are great sports.
These are humans just doing
it with their own legs.
And if we can't make
that as big of a story
or even bigger, I, I
might as well find something else to do.
For two decades, Ohanian has
amassed a fortune betting on
ideas others overlook.
He co-founded Reddit when
social media was in its infancy,
found success as an early stage investor
and has helped launch the
recent boom in professional
women's sports.
But there've been hurdles along the way.
There was a messy exit from Reddit,
a venture partnership dissolved
and a power struggle over a soccer team.
All on top of the pressures of being Mr.
Serena Williams
and his determination to lean
into his role as the father
of two young girls.
Do you get recognized?
Nah, it depends on the context.
It like in the Bay area,
more often, ironically just
'cause of the whole tech
scene thing, you know,
certainly there's still folks
who are like, Hey Reddit guy.
There's obviously plenty
of folks who are like,
Hey, Serena's husband.
There's even a few who
are like Olympia's dad,
which is is wonderful.
It's also a little weird
'cause I'm like, she's eight,
she hasn't done anything yet.
He's built a reputation
on Reddit nostalgia
and tech idealism,
but in the cutthroat worlds
of venture capital in sports.
Is that enough to get
you over the finish line?
Are you ready for your AMA
Bring it?
Yeah. Oh yeah.
We are on our way uptown to meet Alexis.
We're gonna start our
day at a sneaker store.
All right, let's look for some shoes.
All right. Hopefully the guest says 15.
Are you really a size 15?
Yeah. Wait, let me see that.
Are you, I'm not a size 15. Not
in that neighborhood, huh.
You need to pick out a
shoe. Don't you pick out
shoes for special events?
I do, I do. You did
the research. Yeah. Okay.
If you look at the branding,
we have like a kind
of Athlos magenta, actually,
you know, this one's not bad,
so it might be a little too matchy
matchy with the jacket. Match
the outfit.
Do you think outfit, I mean,
I'm not great on the colors.
My wife's really good at the
color coordination thing.
Before he married tennis
legend Serena Williams and
before he co-founded Reddit,
Ohanian was a middle class kid
with roots in Brooklyn.
I managed to talk to my parents
into getting me a computer.
It was a big investment and
then an internet connection.
And even though they had
no idea what I was doing on
that computer, I found strangers
on the internet willing
to help me with learning how to code and,
and so that feeling that software provided
and then the access to the
knowledge freely given by experts
to me, a dorky kid in my parents' house
was, was life changing.
- Fast forward to Hanian
senior year at the University
of Virginia where he
and his roommate Steve Huffman,
pitched tech incubator
YCombinator on a mobile food app.
But YC founder Paul Graham encouraged them
to work on something else,
a startup that could serve
as the front page of the internet.
You were in the inaugural
Y Combinator class?
Yeah, 2005 with
21 years ago, almost
21 ago. 20 years ago.
With Sam Altman.
It's a good crew.
Steve Huffman, your co-founder at
Reddit. That's the Twitch guys's
Twitch guys.
Justin and Emmett. In 2005,
it was an eclectic group of
folks in that first YC batch.
It was not normal to wanna
do a startup in 2005.
And that was the genius of YC.
They realized this opportunity
before everyone else did.
Let's give for us it was
$12,000 for two college kids
to go build a company.
Maybe it could one day be worth
billions.
You know, Sam is the one exception.
I think he had a roadmap to
what tech could be in the world.
Speaking for myself, I was
just happy to not have a boss.
I was just happy to, you
know, build something
that I cared about every day and
and build something that just seemed fun.
This was just one year
after Mark Zuckerberg had
started "The Facebook" and one year
before Twitter got off the ground,
the internet was just starting
to wake up to the idea
that users, not editors could be the
driving force for content.
Ohanian and Huffman's site
went all in on this concept,
a site they named Reddit.
The memes, the inside jokes,
the crowdsourced investigations,
even Snoo the mascot,
which Ohanian drew himself would
for many define internet
culture of that era.
This is the zeitgeist for a
quarter of a billion people.
After a year of building
Reddit was courted by Conde Nast.
Ohanian and Huffman sold for
a reported $10 million.
Life-changing money for them at the time,
but in hindsight, a pittance for a company
that today is valued at
close to $35 billion.
Ohanian went on to become
a partner at Y Combinator
where he mentored startups
and co-founded Initialized
Capital with Gary Tan, a firm
that backed companies like
Instacart and Coinbase.
But Ohanian decided
to go it alone starting
his own venture firm.
776, named after the date
of the first Olympic Games.
What's your snapshot on
where venture capital is at the moment?
It's been a really difficult environment.
Yeah.
What's your take?
There's a middle of
VC firms that are just,
as the kids would say, "mid"
That are probably
gonna have a really hard time
because they can't get into
the deals that the, the biggest
and baddest firms can, can easily get into
and have the capital to get into.
And I think you're in a business
where there are these
outsized mega firms, right?
The Sequoias, the Andreessen's,
but also the sort of newer
generations, like the Thrives.
And they will continue to get more
and more capital as they clearly are,
you know, the big dogs with the war chest
that can double down in those
big winners at the later stage.
And then at the early stage,
there are firms, I like
to believe SevenSevenSix is one of them
that can win against all comers
and that have a clear value proposition
and want to be the best. Early
Through SevenSevenSix Ohanian has
backed an eclectic portfolio,
including companies like Doji,
which lets users virtually
try on clothes, Mast,
a forest restoration company, Feastables
the snack brand launched
by Jimmy Donaldson, AKA MrBeast,
and Monumental Labs
where they're using robots
to make stone construction scalable.
Today Ohanian is capturing footage to post
to his social media followers.
It's part of the SevenSevenSix playbook,
capital plus megaphone.
Boop. Ohanian made his most
famous VC bet five years
ago in an asset class
most of his peers had long
ignored women's sports.
On Season 1 of The Circuit,
he told us how it came to pass
In 2019,
I drunkenly tweeted from
the Women's World Cup
that women's soccer was
the most undervalued
opportunity in sports.
And a bunch of people on Twitter
said, all right, you know
what, Alexis, put your
money where your mouth is.
He went in with three partners
to buy Angel City Football Club,
bringing capital from SevenSevenSix, along
with additional investment from Serena.
What was your relationship to
women's sports before Serena?
Non-existent As a casual
American sports fan,
if you just ask us, you
know, close your eyes
and think of American soccer
excellence, you can only think
of women 'cause the men
have never been great.
And so it all starts with the money.
None of this, you're never
gonna hear me talking about the
charity of it, the the
social issues, the feminism.
No, no, no, no. This is excellence.
This is the market rewarding
excellence and looking around.
I just couldn't believe
that these other sports soccer especially
where there isn't a
strong male counterpart in
America. Why there wasn't
something.
Yeah, just four years later,
the club's value had soared from two
to $250 million along the way.
There were reports of infighting
over the team's direction.
It was later bought by Disney CEO.
Bob Iger and his wife Willow Bay
and Ohanian moved on to
fund other sports ventures.
A UK women's soccer team, a
women's sports bar franchise,
a team in Tiger Woods Golf League,
and a professional
women's volleyball team.
And we haven't even gotten to
Athlos. What's Athlos? You say
The the future of track and field.
Really like a Formula 1 type
model. Building is a formula
1 for track and field.
Let's build a formula
1 of track and field
In case you miss that.
Athlos is Ohanian's take on
Formula one meets track
and field, part racing, part spectacle,
and definitive proof
that Alexis Ohanian's marketing
muscle is everything everywhere.
All at once from a
launch party at Tiffany,
which made sparkling
crowns for the winners
to an electrifying long jump
qualifier in Times Square,
featuring gold medalist
Tara Davis Woodhall
to Randall's Island in New
York City where all roads lead
to the second annual Athlos event.
A track meet Ohanian
wants to take on the road
and around the world. Women's
sports are having a moment.
You know, we're seeing
what's happening with soccer.
The WNBA is having a moment,
but also there's a lot of
controversy around these sports.
And so there's a question
about what happens when you
fast track a league to prominence.
How do you have the correct leadership
and the correct vision in
place to sustain that momentum?
Can you explain the
various revenue streams,
the broadcast rights, the
sponsorships, the merch,
the ticket sales, the
athletes getting a cut.
Yeah.
How does it all work together
and when does this become profitable?
So for any emerging league,
those media deals you see
for the NFL, NBA, billions of dollars,
that is a long ways away.
So we said from jump, we're not gonna try
to make a little bit of revenue out
of the gate for broadcast.
I'd rather make no money
and instead reach millions of people.
So last year we made
no money on broadcast,
but we reached 3 million viewers.
'cause we were everywhere.
YouTube, X, DAZN
ESPN Plus ESPN two.
This year we actually added Ion.
And then one of the important
things we did was we,
we set the record for prize
money last year simply
by doubling the top prize.
It was only $30,000, we made it 60.
And we wanna work in
concert with our athletes.
So 10% of all the revenue in
some from this event also goes
into a pool that goes
to all those athletes.
When you're buying
merch, when you're buying
hot dogs, you're buying tickets.
That revenue comes together.
When Athlos expands Next year,
three top athletes will also have equity.
Tara Davis Woodhall
and sprinters Sha'Carri
Richardson and Gabby Thomas.
And that means a voice in shaping athlos.
When Alexis called you and
said he wanted to start Athlos,
what did you say you wanted?
Like what was your advice?
Well, he asked me, he is like,
what do you want as an athlete?
And I was like, I wanna see
that long jump meet as sexy
as the a hundred meter dash.
And he asked me, what's my dream?
And I told him my dream is street meets.
So I told him, you know,
it would be cool to jump in Times Square.
And he was like, Times Square?
And I said, Times Square.
What does this event mean to
you being not just an athlete
here, but but an owner?
Oh, it means everything.
I mean, for Athlos to listen to me
and hear what I have to say,
and I'm so, so thankful.
I'm so, so blessed for
everything that has come my way,
including this crown
and including $60k in my account.
We've already been paid. I haven't even
finished cooling down
yet. And I've been paid
Instant payouts to athletes
put some ground between Athlos
and Grand Slam Track. GST, which is backed
by gold medalist Michael Johnson
and a venture firm chaired by
Bill Ackman promised prizes up
to a hundred thousand dollars for winners,
but limped out of the gate,
plagued by low attendance, loss
of backers and complaints.
That prize money was slow in
making its way to athletes,
including a reported $180,000
owed to Gabby Thomas.
Michael Johnson tried to do
this with Grand Slam Track.
Yeah, you famously tweeted, please pay me.
Because I'm serious about that.
Right? We dedicate so much to the sport
and we put so much out
there, I expect payment.
Yeah. And so Athlos is committed to making
that happen instantly.
Grand Slam Track has
since secured more funding
with reports, it's planning
to reboot the league
and has begun to pay
money owed to athletes.
What makes you think this
is gonna be different?
Well, I think this is gonna be different
because I'm a part of
it and I know Alexis,
we all have equity in it,
so we want this to work.
And we're not, we're not
signing up for anything
that we don't believe in fully.
So we're committed to to getting paid.
Okay. If you wanna interview the
athletes, what do you wanna ask them?
I wanna ask them what's their favorite
movie what's their favorite,
what's their favorite color?
That's good.
And are you enjoying Athlos?
Good one. Yeah. And you want to,
you wanna lead that question a little bit.
You wanna lead 'em and say, how great
of a time are you having it out there?
So they already feel primed to
say good stuff. Right? Okay.
Okay. Here's another one.
Who's your favorite athlete?
My favorite athlete is...Mom. What?
What? Good answer.
What
about papa?
You're not an athlete
That's true. That's very true.
But this guy is. Noah
Lyles is best known
for capturing gold in the
100 meters at the 2024
Olympics. How pumped you to be here?
I'm pretty excited. I ain't gonna lie.
I love a spectacle.
That's what I'm here for.
What's your take on Athlos?
Like, do you think this is an inflection
point for track and field?
It's up to Athlos to
decide, to be honest.
Right now it's kind of an
all-star meet with the ability
to turn into something,
but it's, it's gonna be up to them
to really push the
boundaries of what it can be.
How hard is it to get
paid what you're worth
as a professional athlete
In my sport, very hard, very hard.
I still don't think I
get paid what I'm worth.
By sunset, the talkings
done, the stage is set
and the crowd is primed to
see Olympic level competition.
Let's go, let's go.
So I've never been to
a track and field meet,
but this is really cool.
Like to see these athletes
up close doing their thing.
Like these are the
fastest women in the world
and it is pretty incredible.
So I get it. Like I get how this
could be a thing.
Don't ever doubt yourself.
There are endless
possibilities in this world.
Just give yourself a chance.
All right, well let's give
yourself this Tiffany's crown.
As Athlos comes to a
close, Ciara takes the stage
and the city that never
sleeps is already moving on
to tomorrow's headlines.
For Ohanian, it means a new
chance to promote his projects
and go toe to toe against
the Internet's trolls.
Just a week before Athlos,
he found himself in the cross hairs.
After speaking out
against immigration raid,
I have I think 10 million
people saying, I mean,
some just vile stuff about me on Twitter
because I tell the story of my mom
who was an undocumented immigrant, fine.
Like, like I would rather have
that statement in the public record.
You know, if I had tweeted
that five years ago,
it wouldn't have certainly met that level
of toxicity and criticism.
And it's not just politics.
The day before Athlos Ohanian
was defending Serena against
ESPN personality.
Stephen A. Smith who'd
questioned her motives
for performing at Kendrick
Lamar's Super Bowl halftime show.
If I'm married and my wife is going
to join trolling her
ex, go back to his ass
because clearly you, you, you
don't belong with me.
Stephen A. Smith, You had some,
I think you had some
marriage advice for me.
Is that right Or, oh,
Well you know what, I, I,
listen, I did it.
People, you know, headlines are headlines.
You do not shy away from a debate.
You know it,
You're beef
with Stephen A. Smith. How's that going?
I, I don't know what
you're talking about,
But yeah, why do you, I mean,
it does seem like you are out there,
you're out there sticking up for Serena.
Yeah, well, I mean,
what would any husband do?
I think is a simple sort of self-evident,
right?
Why do you say that? The
folks out there right now
who are like, well, you
created the platform
that enabled this kind
of trolling discussion.
Yeah. On the social media
side. Look, the same reason
that I felt a responsibility
to step away when I did the way I did.
Yeah. Is the reason why I have
so much peace moving
the way that I move now.
Because look, I can't change the past,
but I can learn from
it and I can do better.
And so that's, that's my job.
While Reddit achieved
steady growth in the years
after Ohanian and Huffman sold,
it was increasingly plagued
by hate groups and toxic communities.
In 2014, Ohanian was brought back
as executive chair to right the ship.
But he left in 2020, four years
before Reddit went public.
A lot was made of the fact
that you weren't at the IPO.
Was it?
Yes.
Really?
Why weren't you there?
Well, I wasn't invited.
I did not expect to be
invited though, given, yeah,
But - given the fact that I
resigned in protests in 2020,
you know, that was a
very public statement.
In order to get the
company to finally ban some
of these communities, I'd
already had opposition about
communities like watch people die
and some of these really
violent and racist communities
and yeah,
So there is some bad
blood or hurt feelings
or bruised egos.
Not for me. But here's
the thing, you know,
the way I look at it, I've
got plenty more IPOs to go to.
Ohanian's resignation came on the heels
of the George Floyd protests
in his public statement.
He urged the company to replace him
with a black board member.
And Reddit did appointing Michael Seibel,
then CEO of Y Combinator.
Why leave rather than lean
in to fix what was broken?
When you're in a boardroom,
especially when you've
been like the founder
and face of a company for 15
years, you're in a boardroom
with four other people
and they're all telling you
why the watch people die.
community is an important part of Reddit
and why we need to preserve
that community in spite
of your protests because
of free speech and
because of how helpful it is
for first responders, whatever bull...
When you come out of a
board meeting like that
and you go home to your wife as I did,
and I'm saying like,
God, am I the crazy one?
Like, am I wrong on this?
'cause like I know this community
is full of snuff videos,
suicide videos, murder videos, mostly
of people in the developing world.
'cause that's how that video
footage gets leaked out.
And there are millions of people
on Reddit who come to this
and discuss it and share and bond
and like, that feels vile.
That feels wrong. It's not
something I'm proud of.
But when you're told, you know,
and the the room is very
obviously against you and
and told, no, no, no,
it's, don't worry about it, you're wrong.
It was, it was a weird,
very surreal experience.
Serena clocked it real quick.
She was like, no, those people are crazy.
Watch people die is a horrible community.
And you were absolutely right.
And thank God I had one person in my life
who at least was able to call that bull.
And I feel very fortunate that I'm never
gonna have to be in a
room like that again.
Reddit said in a statement
that it was widely agreed upon
to ban watch people die in 2019,
and that 2000 other
communities were banned
for violating Reddit's
policy on hateful content
in 2020, the year Ohanian left
the company. Lessons learned,
Ohanian is now taking another
stab at social media.
He and the former CEO
of Digg Kevin Rose, once arch rivals, are
teaming up to revive Digg.
I mean, I really disliked
you for a long time
and rightfully so,
Which has been rebranded as a community
with humanity at its core.
But humanity doesn't seem
to attract eyeballs much these days.
If the engine of virality is extremism
and Digg is supposed to be the antidote,
how do you drive engagement?
I think what we found in authentic human
online community is it's the last bastion
of really high quality content.
And so whether you want to
know an opinion about a movie,
whether you want to know
about a camera to buy,
there is always gonna be
real, real value there.
But what I worry about is there
is this, this flywheel of,
you know, if we know these
models are trained on content
that are now largely botted
or AI generated, you know
that authenticity loop
breaks down real quick
and that that trust
breaks down real quick.
There clearly needs to be some
other version of, you know,
if you just want to show up
and you know, find a community
of people who love cameras,
where do you go to get authentic,
real human reviews of those
things?
In a world increasingly crowded by bots
and algorithms, Ohanian is once
again betting on community,
on the pitch, the track, in our cities
and even in social media.
The question now becomes,
can a master of marketing
sell us back on authenticity?
What advice would you give founders today
that's different than
what you got back then?
The biggest advice which
Paul Graham put on everyone's
shirt, and I think it still holds true,
which is make something people want.
In 20 years
now I can say having
started multiple companies,
seeded many, many more,
that founding principle never goes away.
I think the founders for
today need to know just
how much responsibility they have.
So I would say move
decisively. Move earnestly.
Be aware of what you're building
and know that like this
responsibility starts right now
for building something that is
gonna have a very big impact
on the world.